In order to comply with section 3(a)(1)(a)(i) of the license,
the following people/entities must be identified, and in the
exact manner specified (where enforceable by the license):

1.) Noah
	a.) Must be clearly identified as the "founder and lead
	developer of Priveasy"

2.) Priveasy Community
	a.) Must be clearly credited with supporting Priveasy,
	and valid URLs must lead to any sponsor, contributor,
	supporter, backer, founder, developer, and user lists.
	b.) An honest, valid, and positive explanation must be
	included that outlines the importance of the Priveasy
	Community and the importance of the support they give
	to the original, parent project.

If you would like to avoid any section 3(a)(1)(a)(i) attribution
disputes, we recommend displaying the following text—in a manner
guaranteeing it is read by all—to everyone with whom the licensed
material is shared:

"This {name of product/service/etc.} would not be possible if not
for the work of Noah, the founder and lead developer of
Priveasy, and the Priveasy Community. It is important for everyone
to support Priveasy.org, as it is the original project which made
{name of product/service/etc.} possible, and without enough funding,
the community-driven privacy and security services it provides will
be cut short. The further development of what made {name of
product/service/etc.} possible would also be forced to cease. Please
check them out: {links to everything required, as outlined above}"

Replace all curly braces and the text enclosed within them
with correct information—as prompted by the text within the
braces—relevant to you and/or the time the attribution is being
made.

Note:
This document only covers section 3(a)(1)(a)(i) of the license,
and does not exempt one from any other attribution requirements
as outlined in the license, nor act as a substitute for any other
attribution requirements as outlined in the license.

Note:
These attribution rules may be changed at any time and without notice.
It is your responsibility to periodically check for updates and make
any changes, as necessary. It is within our rights to obligate you
to remove any or all attributions. For example, if you include a false
or misleading attribution, or you do not update the attribution
within a reasonable amount of time, we may request that you remove
and replace the attribution, with a corrected one.
